add TotalVoice Channels request (#50)
laravel-notification-channels/channels: README.md

> # TotalVoice notifications channel for Laravel 5.3+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# TotalVoice notifications channel for Laravel
```

[![Software License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE.md)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/laravel-notification-channels/totalvoice/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/laravel-notification-channels/totalvoice)
[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/170519887/shield)](https://styleci.io/repos/170519887)
[![SymfonyInsight](https://insight.symfony.com/projects/7e6759a3-1476-49f5-9585-58cd3f0ef0f2/mini.svg)](https://insight.symfony.com/projects/7e6759a3-1476-49f5-9585-58cd3f0ef0f2)
[![Quality Score](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/g/laravel-notification-channels/totalvoice.svg?style=flat-square)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/laravel-notification-channels/totalvoice)
[![Code Coverage](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/coverage/g/laravel-notification-channels/totalvoice/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/laravel-notification-channels/totalvoice/?branch=master)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/laravel-notification-channels/totalvoice.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel-notification-channels/totalvoice)

> This package makes it easy to send [TotalVoice Notifications](https://api.totalvoice.com.br/doc) with Laravel 5.3+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package makes it easy to send [TotalVoice Notifications](https://api.totalvoice.com.br/doc) with Laravel 5.5+ & 6.x.
```

## Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
	- [Setting up the TotalVoice service](#setting-up-the-TotalVoice-service)
- [Usage](#usage)
	- [Available Message methods](#available-message-methods)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Security](#security)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

You can install the package via composer:

``` bash
composer require laravel-notification-channels/totalvoice
```

> Add the service provider (only required on Laravel 5.4 or lower):

Reviewer: Don't worry about this (since we are not supporting < 5.5)
